feat: Documentation update (#26)
affinidi/reference-app-portable-reputation: README.md

# Portable reputation – an Affinidi reference app

This is a ready-to-use reference app that showcases usage of Affinidi API for issuing, sharing and verifying credentials, as well as storing them in the wallet.

## Introduction

![Your Github profile](docs/github_profile.png)

Portable reputation app allows you to import your data from data providers like Github, Steam, LinkedIn, Medium, etc. and store it as a verifiable credential in your wallet.

You can then share this credential with anyone and they'll be able to verify its validity without ever accessing these data providers again.

## Getting started

Setting up the reference app is easy, just follow these steps:  
1. Clone the repo:
    ```
    $ git clone git@github.com:affinidi/reference-app-portable-reputation.git
    $ cd reference-app-portable-reputation
    ```
2. Install the dependencies:
    ```
    $ npm install
    ```
3. Create a `.env` file:
    ```
    $ cp .env.example .env
    ```
    Please enter values for `PROJECT_ID`, `PROJECT_DID` and `API_KEY_HASH` from your project.  

>     You also need to [create a Github OAuth app](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-oauth-apps/creating-an-oauth-app) and enter values for `GITHUB_APP_CLIENT_ID` and `GITHUB_APP_CLIENT_SECRET`.

Reviewer: Let's add emphasis here

Author: What do you have in mind?

Reviewer: Just to make this more visible. Bold or italics or both. A line break as well.

Author: Added, please check

    Github->>-User: Ask user to login into their Github account
    User->>+Github: Login into the Github account and authorize the action
    Github->>-App: [Github access token]
    App->>App: Store [Github access token] in as a cookie
    App->>+Github: Request user's Github profile data
    Github->>-App: [Github profile data]
    App->>App: Build an unsigned GithubProfile VC
    App->>+CW: Sign GithubProfile VC with Issuer's wallet
    CW->>-App: [GithubProfile VC]
    App->>+CW: Store [GithubProfile VC] in the Holder's wallet
    CW->>-App: (ok)
  end

  App->>-User: Show "Github profile" page with GithubProfile VC's contents
```

## Tools & frameworks

This project is built with **NextJS** framework, which allows you to quickly build apps using TypeScript and **React**. NextJS has built-in router, server-side rendering, backend support and useful extensions like Next Auth for authenticating via Github and other data providers.  
Read [NextJS docs](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started), [React docs](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html).  

We also use **Styled Components**, **Tailwind CSS** and Bootstrap Grid to build the UI.  

> Read [Styled Components docs](https://styled-components.com/docs), [TailWind CSS docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation).  

Reviewer: We don't use Tailwind in Portable Reputation app yet

    User->>+App: Import Github profile
    App->>+Github: Request Github authentication
    Github->>-User: Ask user to login into their Github account
    User->>+Github: Login into the Github account and authorize the action
    Github->>-App: [Github access token]
    App->>App: Store [Github access token] in as a cookie
    App->>+Github: Request user's Github profile data
    Github->>-App: [Github profile data]
    App->>App: Build an unsigned GithubProfile VC
    App->>+CW: Sign GithubProfile VC with Issuer's wallet
    CW->>-App: [GithubProfile VC]
    App->>+CW: Store [GithubProfile VC] in the Holder's wallet
    CW->>-App: (ok)
  end

  App->>-User: Show "Github profile" page with GithubProfile VC's contents
```

## Tools & frameworks

This project is built with **NextJS** framework, which allows you to quickly build apps using **TypeScript** and **React**. NextJS has built-in router, server-side rendering, backend support and useful extensions like Next Auth for authenticating via Github and other data providers.  
Read [NextJS docs](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started), [React docs](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html).  

> We also use **Styled Components** and **Bootstrap Grid** to build the UI.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also use **Styled Components** and **Tailwind CSS** to build the UI. 
```

> Read [Styled Components docs](https://styled-components.com/docs).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read [Styled Components docs](https://styled-components.com/docs), [Tailwind CSS docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation).
```
